[Autogenerated] welcome to the final module in this gaining
operational excellence within a W S course.
In this final module,
we're going to be discussing how we can create repeatable deployments.
So what's on the menu for us?
What can we expect?
Well, we have a few different module objectives.
We wanna have an overview of infrastructure as code,
which is shortened to I A C.
We're going to look at how we can implement
infrastructure as code via CloudFormation,
which will discuss further.
And then we're going to identify the best use cases for A W S ops works.
If you're not familiar with some of these terms, that's perfectly fine.
We'll start diving into them here in the upcoming clips. So let's wrap this up here and then continue on.